# Pre-Orders

## List pre-orders
Pre-orders are facilitated through HotWax Commerce using manually uploaded purchase orders from Cariuma. HotWax Commerce tags parent products and populates metafields for pre-order product variants in Shopify.

```
parent products job
```
```
variant product job
```

## Order Capture
HotWax Commerce imports all orders from Shopify. During the import process, the system identifies orders containing pre-order items by verifying their memberhsip in the pre-order or backorder category. After order creation, a batch job adds relevant tags and notes in Shopify to communicate the expected ships-from date.
### Order tag and notes jobs
Add pre-order tags on orders
```
add job details
```
Add backorder tags on orders
```
add job details
```

This system data is also required to populate the text in the tags on Shopify
```xml
<SystemProperty systemResourceId="ShopifyServiceConfig" systemPropertyId="shopify.preorder.tag" systemPropertyValue="hotwax_preorder"/>
<SystemProperty systemResourceId="ShopifyServiceConfig" systemPropertyId="shopify.backorder.tag" systemPropertyValue="hotwax_backorder"/> 
```

Upload promise dates on new orders
```
add job details
```

This system property data is required for all Shopify Configs where promise dates need to be added onto orders when they're created.
```xml
<SystemProperty systemResourceId="ShopifyServiceConfig" systemPropertyId="{Shop_ID}_CONFIG.promisedate.change.comment" systemPropertyValue="[HotWax] The Promise date for ${parentProductName}, ${productName} is ${promisedDatetime}"/>
```

Replace the variable for the Shopify Shop ID with the Shop ID you want to schedule this job for.

## Order Cancellations
Initiating the cancellation process in Cin7 takes precedence, with subsequent synchronization to Shopify. HotWax Commerce ensures the seamless syncing of cancellations from Shopify, efficiently managing the order cancellation workflow.

## Reports

- **Preorder Backorder with ETD within 21 days:**
  - This report focuses on active items, encompassing both active pre-orders and backorders with an estimated time of delivery (ETD) within the next 21 days. It provides a snapshot of upcoming product availability, helping businesses plan for timely fulfillment.

- **Active Items:**
  - This report consolidates information on active pre-orders and backorder products, allowing businesses to monitor and manage products that are currently in demand but not readily available.

- **Purchase Order Dashboard:**
  - This comprehensive dashboard is divided into multiple sheets, each offering insights into the purchase order landscape.
    - *First Sheet:* Lists purchase orders set to expire within the next 21 days. This helps in proactively managing and renewing orders to maintain a smooth supply chain.
    - *Second Sheet:* Highlights expired or backdated purchase orders, aiding in the identification of any delays or issues in the procurement process.
    - *Third Sheet:* Presents pre-order and backorder statistics, including the percentage of pre-orders among the total number of orders and the overall revenue generated by pre-orders and backorders. This enables businesses to gauge the impact of pre-orders on revenue and assess the success of backorder fulfillment strategies.

These reports collectively contribute to a well-informed decision-making process by providing a comprehensive view of the current and upcoming status of pre-orders, backorders, and purchase orders, facilitating effective inventory management and business planning.
