# Send Sales Orders

Often, customers come into the store excited to purchase their favorite item, only to find it unavailable in their size or preferred color. When this happens, store associates check stock availability across their network of locations. If the desired item is found elsewhere, they place an order on the customer's behalf for the delivery to their home address.

## Downloading send sale orders in HotWax Commerce

Most of our customers opt for Shopify as their eCommerce platform, along with Shopify POS for their POS system. In this scenario, HotWax Commerce downloads send sale orders from Shopify, just like other regular orders.

### How are send sale orders different from regular eCommerce orders?

While both send sale orders and regular eCommerce orders are placed to be shipped to the customer's address, the only distinction lies is the sales channel they originate from. Send sale orders are initiated by store associates on behalf of the customer so they have Shopify POS as their sales channel. This sets them apart from regular eCommerce orders, where customers directly place their orders through traditional online channels.

As discussed above, despite the fact that send sale orders originate from the POS sales channel, their treatment remains same as regular orders. A scheduled job in HotWax Commerce downloads all new orders, including send sale orders from Shopify, so that they can be brokered and fulfilled. Consequently, upon download, these orders are automatically assigned the default "Created" status in HotWax Commerce.

Send sale orders in the “Created” status are then synchronized to NetSuite for further processing.

## Workflow

## Synchronizing send sale orders to NetSuite

The process of synchronizing send sales orders from HotWax Commerce to NetSuite also remains the same. The created orders feed generated by the HotWax Commerce Integration Platform contains new orders in the "Created" status, including send sale orders to sync to NetSuite.

The steps discussed in the [synchronization of sales orders from HotWax Commerce to NetSuite](OrderApproval.md) are followed to sync send sale orders:

* [x] Sync new orders from HotWax to NetSuite
  * [x] Sync customers
  * [x] Sync order line items
  * [x] Sync order ids
  * [x] Create customer deposit
* [x] Approve order in HotWax for fulfillment
* [x] HotWax brokering allocates orders
* [x] Sync item allocation to NetSuite for facilities where NetSuite fulfillment is used
* [x] Sync order item fulfillment details from NetSuite to HotWax
* [x] Sync order item fulfillment details from HotWax to NetSuite
* [x] Invoice orders in NetSuite

{% hint style="info" %}
In our integration, send sale orders are handled similarly to regular orders. Therefore, the SFTP location, SuiteScripts, as well as the jobs within the HotWax Commerce Integration Platform and OMS, remains the same.
{% endhint %}

HotWax Commerce also synchronizes POS completed orders to NetSuite as cash sales. **So, once send sale orders are “Completed” in HotWax Commerce, how does HotWax Commerce ensure that they are not synchronized to NetSuite again as regular POS completed orders?**

As outlined in the [POS sales synchronization](posOrders.md) process, three criteria are checked when syncing POS completed orders to NetSuite as cash sales: the order status must be "Completed," the sales channel should be identified as POS_Channel, and the shipping method should be POS_COMPLETED. Given that send sales orders have their shipping method set as standard, they are excluded from being synchronized to NetSuite as POS completed orders.
