# Sync Order IDs

Before an order can be processed further, HotWax ensures sucessful creation in NetSuite by syncing order ID and order item IDs.

## Create Orders in NetSuite

### Export orders from HotWax
Schedule a job in the HotWax Commerce integration layer to create a file of orders in HotWax that have not yet been sent to Netsuite. 

{% hint style="warning" %}
    To change this job's frequency, connect with the integration team.
{% endhint %}

**SFTP Location for exported 'Created' orders with verified customers**
```
/home/{sftp-username}/netsuite/salesorder/export
```

### Import orders into NetSuite
Schedule the following SuiteScript in NetSuite to consume the file of new orders from HotWax.
```
HC_importSalesOrders
```

{% hint style="success" %}
    Orders are now created in NetSuite
{% endhint %}


## Import Order IDs from NetSuite
Now that the order is created in NetSuite, the following jobs will sync their identifications back to HotWax for a full sync.

### Export order line item IDs from NetSuite
Schedule this script to export order item IDs from NetSuite to enable order updates during allocation.
```
HC_MR_ExportedSalesOrderItemCSV
```

### Import order line item IDs into HotWax
Enable this Job from the Orders page in the Job Manager app.
```
Order Item Attribute
FTP Config: IMP_ORDER_ITM_ATTR
```

### Export order IDs from NetSuite
Schedule this SuiteScript in NetSuite to export NetSuite internal order IDs of recently created orders that have not been synced back to HotWax.
```
HC_MR_ExportedSalesOrderCSV
```

### Import order IDs into HotWax
Enable this Job from the Orders page in the Job Manager app to consume the file generated by NetSuite.
```
Order Identification
FTP Config: IMP_ORDER_IDENT
```


{% hint style="success" %}
    Orders and order line IDs are now synced back into HotWax
{% endhint %}