# C807

C807 is the carrier for all El Salvador ADOC brands. They are also the only carrier who's API generates a shipping label image that stores print in stores using the OMS's fulfillment application.

## Authentication: gooAUTH API

### Obtaining Bearer Token

All requests to the gooAUTH API must be made using Bearer Token authentication. Follow the steps below to obtain the access token:

1. **Authentication Endpoint**: Use the following URL to authenticate and obtain the access token.

   - **Endpoint**: `https://app.c807.com/admin.php/sesion/get_token`
   - **Method**: POST

2. **Authentication Credentials**: Utilize the Basic Auth method with the provided credentials (username and password) to make a request to the authentication endpoint.

   - **Username**: [Your provided username]
   - **Password**: [Your provided password]

3. **Response Example**:

   Upon a successful authentication request, the API will respond with a JSON object containing the access token and token type.

   ```json
   {
       "access_token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9...",
       "token_type": "bearer"
   }
   ```

4. **Token Expiry**:

   The `access_token` obtained expires 24 hours after its acquisition. If the token expires or an error occurs during the authentication process, the API will return a `401 Unauthorized` status.

---

## Departments Endpoint

### Retrieve Catalog of Departments

Use the following endpoint to retrieve a catalog of departments in El Salvador. These departments are utilized to determine the final delivery location.

- **Endpoint**: `https://app.c807.com/guia.php/api/department`
- **Method**: GET

#### Request

No additional fields or parameters are required for this request.

#### Response Example

Upon a successful request, the API will respond with a JSON array containing information about the registered departments.

```json
[
  {
    "id": "2",
    "name": "Ahuachapán",
    "code": "AHU"
  },
  {
    "id": "3",
    "name": "Cabañas",
    "code": "CAB"
  },
  {
    "id": "4",
    "name": "Chalatenango",
    "code": "CHA"
  }
  // Additional department entries...
]
```

#### Status Codes

- **200 OK**: Successful retrieval of department catalog.
- **401 Unauthorized**: The request lacks valid authentication credentials.

### Usage Notes

- Include the Bearer Token obtained from the authentication process in the request header.
- The department information can be used in label generation by providing the corresponding department code.

---
